[Enhancement:] `azurerm_cosmosdb_account` - update the `default_identity_type` error message for `UserAssignedIdentity` (#21513)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/cosmosdb_account.html.markdown

~> **NOTE:** `create_mode` only works when `backup.type` is `Continuous`.

* `default_identity_type` - (Optional) The default identity for accessing Key Vault. Possible values are `FirstPartyIdentity`, `SystemAssignedIdentity` or `UserAssignedIdentity`.

> ~> **NOTE:** When `default_identity_type` is set to `UserAssignedIdentity` it must be in the following format: `UserAssignedIdentity=/subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourceGroups/{resourceGroupName}/providers/Microsoft.ManagedIdentity/userAssignedIdentities/{userAssignedIdentityName}`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
~> **NOTE:** When `default_identity_type` is a `UserAssignedIdentity` it must include the User Assigned Identity ID in the following format: `UserAssignedIdentity=/subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourceGroups/{resourceGroupName}/providers/Microsoft.ManagedIdentity/userAssignedIdentities/{userAssignedIdentityName}`.
```
